Matchmissing == :notequal (#2724)
JuliaData/DataFrames.jl: NEWS.md

# DataFrames.jl changes on main since last release notes

## New functionalities

* add option `matchmissing=:notequal` in joins;

> in `leftjoin`, `semijoin` and `antijoin` `missing`s are dropped in right df,
> but preserved in left; in `rightjoin` `missing`s are dropped in left df,
> but preserved in right df; in `innerjoin` `missing`s are dropped in both dfs;
> in `outerjoin` method errors
> ([#2724](https://github.com/JuliaData/DataFrames.jl/pull/2724))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  in `leftjoin`, `semijoin` and `antijoin` `missing`s are dropped in right data frame,
  but preserved in left; in `rightjoin` `missing`s are dropped in left data frame,
  but preserved in right df; in `innerjoin` `missing`s are dropped in both data frames;
  in `outerjoin` this value of keyword argument is not supported
  ([#2724](https://github.com/JuliaData/DataFrames.jl/pull/2724))
```
